Let me offer a different perspective on skincare.
and deconstruct the consensus packaged by advertising.
Today we discuss whether Collagen Drink is reliable.
and whether Oral Beauty Supplements are useful.
In recent years,
the oral beauty market has been very popular.
Many people have asked me
For example, the Skin Brightening Supplements that were very popular
whitening drinks,
and  Collagen Drink  that has become popular in recent years.
Anti-glycation Supplements,
Are they useful?
and whether they can beautify?
In fact, if you look up the literature,
you will find that
some people say they are effective
and can make you beautiful, while others say they are useless.
No different from this placebo group
The main point is
is a battle between two sides.
which makes you completely unsure who to listen to.
But if you ask me this question,
I might tell you that
it may not work.
This is because oral and topical administration
are not in the same logic of effectiveness.
Cosmetics are applied externally.
When you apply it to the skin surface,
it is a local high concentration contact.
Even if the transdermal absorption
the efficiency is not particularly high.
Because our skin barrier is very intact,
only a little can penetrate.
But even this little bit
it can also reach the skin.
which is the effective part.
So when using an external product,
as long as you know
the functional ingredients in this product,
and how much it contains,
you can easily infer how much can be absorbed,
how much can it work,
how long it takes to take effect,
and the effect and intensity of the effect.
As the saying goes,
we have a clear idea.
But it's different when taken orally.
For example, collagen.
you eat it into your stomach.
After eating it, what does it enter first?
It enters the digestive system.
It will digest it,
and be digested and broken down into various amino acids.
Then these amino acids
呢被你的血液吸收
and enter the blood circulation system.
This circulatory system
It's in us.
is the main artery.
It will transport these nutrients
to various organs of the body.
Will it be delivered to the skin in a targeted manner?
No, of course it doesn't mean it can't be delivered.
but it can't be delivered to the skin.
It's like we sent a package,
but the recipient of the express delivery
without specifying who it's for.
It's delivered to Village A.
After it arrives in Village A,
whoever needs it in village A
who sees it,
will take it away.
After these amino acids
enters the blood circulation system,
they float in it,
and flow along the circulatory system.
Whatever it encounters in the middle,
such as various organs,
such as our muscles, bones,
organs, and various tissues.
as long as these organs and tissues also need collagen,
That is to say, you originally wanted to beautify,
these amino acids will be taken away.
For example, if you often run recently,
and your knees are worn out.
After you take  Collagen Drink ,
this collagen
will most likely be delivered to your joints.
Because your joints need to be repaired at this time,
and it needs collagen.
So you may think that you have eaten so much,
but I don't look better.
This thing is useless.
But some people
have different situations.
They may have good health,
and there is no particular lack of collagen.
And they have fast metabolism,
and young.
Then these people may feel the effect after taking it.
they feel that their skin's luster has improved.
and they think it's useful.
So for  Collagen Drink ,
the key is not to discuss whether it is useful,
but where it is used.
Let me summarize the rules for you.
If you have the following situations,
such as those who exercise a lot,
like exercising and building muscles,
or you do physical work as your daily job,
or long-term dieting with insufficient protein intake,
or a long-term vegetarian,
or have entered menopause,
or in the elderly stage,
these people
it is not easy to achieve beauty goals
to achieve beauty goals.
But on the contrary,
if you are not a high-consumption person,
who don't usually like exercising,
but not very old,
and your body is healthy,
such people
are more likely to apply collagen to their faces.
If you listen to what I said,
still want to try  Collagen Drink ,
I can only wish you good luck.
I hope you are the one
can get collagen into your face.
Regarding  Collagen Drink ,
there is one more thing I want to remind you.
many  Collagen Drink  products
will add a component called γ-Aminobutyric Acid (GABA).
but it is not advertised.
γ-Aminobutyric Acid (GABA)
it inhibits nerve excitation in medicine.
So it is often used to make
as a hypnotic product to improve sleep.
When this ingredient
is added to  Collagen Drink  products,
After taking it, your sleep quality will improve.
it will become better.
Then your skin will naturally look better
and more elastic.
Although this ingredient
its safety is relatively high,
it can also be added to food.
But you think that because you take  Collagen Drink ,
your skin becomes shiny and
and more elastic.
It may not be the collagen that works.
After talking about collagen,
let's talk about
other oral Oral Beauty Supplements on the market.
Let's start with Skin Brightening Supplements.
Skin Brightening Supplements, as the name suggests, claim to eat it
Those small pills that can whiten and lighten spots later
When we talked about the yellow gas chapter earlier
we told you that
the reasons for our skin to be yellow and dark
there are two.
One is that too much melanin is produced,
and the skin color becomes darker.
The other one
is that free radicals stick to the collagen,
and the Collagen Denaturation.
and the transparency of the skin decreases.
There are two types of mainstream Skin Brightening Supplements on the market.
which are made according to this idea.
One type of Skin Brightening Supplements
aims at the process of melanin production.
Every day,
our bodies are constantly synthesizing melanin.
The process of skin synthesizing melanin
is an Oxidation Reaction process.
That is to say, when we synthesize melanin,
there will be a lot of oxidative reactions involved.
The more oxidized our oxidative reactions are,
the higher the degree of oxidation,
the more intense the reaction is,
the more melanin is synthesized,
the darker the color.
If there is an ingredient
can inhibit this oxidation reaction
and set obstacles to the oxidation process,
Then our skin
the less melanin it will synthesize,
and our skin tone will become lighter.
This ingredient is glutathione.
So, on the market,
there are directly made into Skin Brightening Supplements,
and glutathione precursors that can increase glutathione levels
glutathione precursors
into Skin Brightening Supplements.
These Skin Brightening Supplements were once very popular in Japan.
Because glutathione
it can clear free radicals,
and it can also be Antioxidant Activity.
and reduce the level of oxidative reactions in the body.
When it weakens the strength of the oxidation reaction
it sets up obstacles for the process of melanin
it sets up many obstacles.
Then the melanin production is reduced.
and our skin tone becomes lighter.
It sounds like a good thing.
It works.
But no matter what the ingredient is,
it can't make you white immediately.
It has a process.
When you think,
why it doesn't seem to work,
and you think you need to eat more,
you may have eaten too much without realizing it.
Because glutathione
it is also involved in liver detoxification reactions
and other important physiological processes.
So if you eat too much,
it may affect your immune system
or even your liver's original function.
With this risk,
Isn't the cost-effectiveness of this thing gone?
So, you must follow the instructions to take it.
Following the instructions won't cause overdose.
But its onset speed will not be too fast.
The second type of Skin Brightening Supplements
aims to treat the process of collagen denaturation
and darken the skin.
The main ingredient is
It's called an extract.
It's also called crystal tomato extract,
CRYSTAL Tomato
Whatever it's called,
it's all the same thing.
It is based on Phytoene
and Phytofluene as the core ingredients.
These two types of lycopene in our body
can help clear free radicals
to prevent the denaturation of collagen.
So in theory,
they are indeed useful.
But in reality,
when we eat it,
the improvement of the skin is very limited.
Because after these ingredients are absorbed,
they are in our blood circulation system
It works throughout the body.
and work throughout the body.
It will not be concentrated in one place.
So,
when the concentration level is averaged throughout the body,
the concentration for the skin
is not so high.
If you don't pay attention to sun protection at this time,
your degree of antioxidant
and preventing the denaturation of collagen
will not be able to keep up with the speed
the speed of tanning.
Therefore,
these products are more like icing on the cake.
If you expect them to change your destiny,
it's impossible.
To sum up, these two types of products
Skin Brightening Supplements, glutathione
this type can be eaten,
It's useful, but don't take too much.
White tomatoes are safe
You can eat more.
but it doesn't work much.
After talking about whitening,
let's talk about oral anti-glycation.
When we talked about the three plus one anti-aging method,
we mentioned the glycation reaction.
is an important marker of the aging process.
And Anti-glycation Supplements, Anti-glycation drinks
They want to achieve anti-aging by Anti-glycation.
How does glycation occur?
and how does it make people age?
Let me briefly explain.
Every time we eat,
when we consume sugar,
the sugar will first enter the blood.
Then, it splits into three paths.
One way is to directly supply energy to the brain and body,
becoming direct energy.
One way is to synthesize glycogen,
as a temporary energy for storage.
The other way
will be converted into fat for storage.
But if you consume too much sugar at once,
the blood sugar fluctuates too much.
Even if all three reactions are added together,
they can't use all the sugar you have consumed.
all used up.
some sugar will leak out.
The leaked sugar will become excess sugar.
They float in your blood circulation.
They float in the blood,
Originally, it was waiting for metabolism,
But as we age,
our metabolic level declines.
and the waiting time will be longer.
As it floats,
it will easily stick to proteins it shouldn't.
Let's say it's stained with collagen.
Collagen will denature,
and form advanced glycation end products.
This is the process of glycation.
And these advanced glycation end products,
and the denatured collagen
will become yellow, hard and brittle.
Then the elasticity, luster, and transparency of your skin
will all decrease.
So if you really want to fight against sugar,
either you get rid of excess sugar
to prevent the glycation reaction from happening.
or prevent them from attaching to protein
to prevent the process of glycation.
and prevent the formation of glycation end products.
The ingredients that can really achieve this function
are basically used to treat diabetes.
They are not on the list of food ingredients.
But if we look at it the other way around,
products that claim to be anti-glycation by mouth,
what do they do?
Among them,
there are some plant ingredients that claim to fight sugar.
which are often anti-inflammatory ingredients,
or metabolic components,
or they can hinder the environment of glycation
that cause some obstacles.
This type
essentially belong to the category of beating gongs.
they do not really block the glycation reaction
or reverse the glycation end products.
For example,
if the glycation reaction is a sprint champion,
runs very fast,
then this oral anti-glycation product
they don't break the legs of the sprinter,
or make him turn around.
but just throw some stones on the track
or make the weather rain a little bit.
That is to say,
they just try to
to hinder it in the environment.
But how much it actually hinders
it's hard to say.
In a word,
these products
may taste more like nothing.
I really think that spending this money
it's better to drink less milk tea
or eat less fried chicken.
In summary,
if you rely on oral anti-glycation products
to truly prevent glycation
to Antioxidant Activity,
it's like shooting an arrow at a cloud.
All the above mentioned
doesn't mean that
I don't agree with the way of internal and external adjustment.
but internal medicine should
should be returned to the level of basic nutrition and lifestyle.
For example,
we can supplement the nutrients
nutrients that are easily lacking in our diet,
such as Omega 3
and zinc,
to systematically improve skin oiliness,
acne and inflammation problems.
For example, we can
adjust the proportion of nutrients in the diet
and calorie structure
to help delay aging.
For example, we can drink one less cup of milk tea
or eat less fried chicken,
to reduce the intake of glycation end products.
These things are helpful for the skin.
Moreover,
is often more direct and certain than
more direct
and more certain.
I hope my sharing today
can help you
when facing various commercial advertisements,
to make more judgments
and less being led by the nose.
and ultimately choose the skincare method that suits you.
I'm the formulator Xingxing.
The skincare problem dissection in this video
is what I want to achieve this year.
a new series in the channel.
This series
It will be different from a type 16 whitening method
and three plus one anti-aging methods, which are very systematic.
which is like a lecture.
It's more like we focus on
only focusing on one skin care problem.
If you like my videos
and find my content helpful,
Welcome to like, subscribe, and join me.
and welcome everyone to leave your questions in the comments.
In addition, the membership channel
will update two to three Q&A sessions per month.
One-on-one member podcasts
will also be shared in the member post bar area from time to time.
to share product testing materials.
Friends who are interested are welcome to join my member channel.